add compilation error hint and solution to installation steps of README.md (#15)
uhafner/warnings-ng-plugin-devenv: README.md

    2. Select Open...
    3. Select the folder `warnings-ng-plugin-devenv`
    4. When IntelliJ asks : *Maven projects need to be imported* select *Enable Auto-Import*.

> 3. After all projects have been cloned, compilation errors may occur. Please remember that
>    the folders `{project}/target/generated-sources` and `{project}/target/generated-test-sources` are
>    marked as `Sources Root` and respectively `Test Sources Root` for the error-producing project (Right click on
>    respective folder above > Mark Directory as).
>    Execute `mvn verify -DskipTests` to convince yourself that the compilation is error-free.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. After the import in IntelliJ, compilation errors may occur in some projects. Please check in those projects that all
sub-folders of `{project}/target/generated-sources` and `{project}/target/generated-test-sources` are
marked as `Sources Root` and `Test Sources Root`, respectively. (Right click on those folders and mark them 
accordingly with **Mark Directory as**).
   Execute `mvn verify -DskipTests` to convince yourself that the compilation is error-free.
```
